#
# = Ruby 1.9.x Testing Activities Log
#
# The reader should absorb this sequentially.  The text is a rough 
# chronological depiction of events for these activities.
#
# == Assumptions
#
# * $PH=project_home_directory
# * Commands are issued from the project home directory
# * No attempt is made to support 'tesly' functionality
#
# == Server Start
#
# * Modify $PH/test/r191/runserver.sh as required
# * ./test/r19/runserver.sh
#
# == Verify/Deny Existing Tests Functionality
#
# Verify/deny that the existing tests run.  These are:
#
# === $PH/test/test_queue_manager.rb
#
# To execute:
#
# * ./test/r19/runtest test/test_queue_manager.rb
#
# === $PH/test/test_stomp_frame.rb
#
# To execute:
#
# * ./test/r19/runtest test/test_stomp_frame.rb
#
# === $PH/test/test_topic_manager.rb
#
# To execute:
#
# * ./test/r19/runtest test/test_topic_manager.rb
#
# === Results
#
# Note: first verify that these actually run under 
# ruby 1.8.7 (2009-06-12 patchlevel 174) [i486-linux].  They do.
#
# All three of these tests encountered errors with 
# ruby 1.9.1p243 (2009-07-16 revision 24175) [i486-linux].
#
# * test_queue_manager.rb
# ** TypeError: can't convert Fixnum into String
# ** lib/stomp_server/stomp_frame.rb:13:in `include?'
# * test_stomp_frame.rb
# ** TypeError: type mismatch: Fixnum given
# ** lib/stomp_server/stomp_frame.rb:54:in `index'
# * test_topic_manager.rb
# ** test_sendmsg(TestTopics):
# ** ArgumentError: wrong number of arguments (0 for 1)
#
# === Fixes
#
# <b>test_queue_manager</b>
#
# * Added logging to the test
# * Changes to stomp_frame.rb to properly compare single characters or locate
# single characters in a string.
#
# <b>test_stomp_frame</b>
#
# * Added logging to the test
# * Changes to stomp_frame.rb to properly compare single characters or locate
# single characters in a string.
#
# <b>test_topic_manager</b>
#
# * Added logging to the test
# * Remove unused and unrequired method parameter
#
# -----
#
# During the attempt to add robust logging to the server code, it was 
# eventaully recognized that:
#
# * the existing tests do not even requirea stompserver to be running
# * some experimental but sound logging code broke existing tests with ruby 1.8
#
# Why the breakage?  Because the existing tests do not use a running server,
# instead including portions of server code.
#
# This leads to the following sections.
#
# = Logging Using Standard Ruby 'logger'
#
# Initial attempts to implement this across the framework broke horribly.
# Additionally, even the existing tests failed under ruby 1.8.
#
# The initial goal of this phase was to execute the existing tests with:
#
# * Initial changes to the framework required for adding logging.
# * Successful test execution under ruby 1.8.
#
# This phase of changes was eventually completed.
#
# = Existing Tests and Ruby Version Compatability Summary
#
# After the work described briefly above, the existing tests function on:
#
# * ruby 1.8.7 (2009-06-12 patchlevel 174) [i486-linux]
# * ruby 1.9.0 (2008-10-04 revision 19669) [i486-linux]
# * ruby 1.9.1p243 (2009-07-16 revision 24175) [i486-linux]
#
# Again, note that these tests do _not_ use a running stompserver, but
# use mock objects to drive the testing.
#
# = Further Testing
#
# This section describes further testing of the stompserver framework.
#
# The requirements for running the tests described here are:
#
# * a running instance of a stompserver
# * the server host and port match those specified in <b>probs.yaml</b>
#
# == Connect and Disconnect Processing
#
# Run the following test:
#
# * ruby test/test_0001_conn.rb
#
# == Stomp Client Creation
#
# Run the following test:
#
# * ruby test/test_0006_client.rb
#
# == Basic Send / Receive Test
#
# Run the following test:
#
# * ruby test/test_0011_send_recv.rb
#
# == Informal Client Testing
#
# Informal testing using the code at git://github.com/gmallard/stomp-demo.git
# indicate that the server basically functions using ruby 1.9.1.
#
# = Todo List
#
# * More unit tests
# * More documentation
# * Build gem
# * Install gem
# * Full testing using 1.9.0
# * Full regression testing using 1.8.7
#



